Update Firefox 153 release notes for WebDriver conforming changes (#44735)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/153/index.md

<!-- #### Removals -->

### WebDriver conformance (WebDriver BiDi, Marionette)

#### General

- Improved the window manipulation commands in Marionette and WebDriver BiDi to allow individual window geometry properties, such as x, y, width, and height, to be adjusted independently. ([Firefox bug 1941404](https://bugzil.la/1941404)).

> - Fixed the computation of an element's center point by ignoring zero-sized rectangles. ([Firefox bug 2038932](https://bugzil.la/2038932)).

Reviewer: I would rather mention the potential impact for users 

```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where click and pointer action commands could fail if the element's first DOMRect (e.g. inline elements spanning multiple lines) was zero-sized. ([Firefox bug 2038932](https://bugzil.la/2038932))
```

#### WebDriver BiDi

- Extended the `emulation.setLocaleOverride` command to also apply a locale emulation to dedicated and shared workers. ([Firefox bug 2015655](https://bugzil.la/2015655)).
- Extended the `emulation.setTimezoneOverride` command to also apply a timezone emulation to dedicated and shared workers. ([Firefox bug 2015657](https://bugzil.la/2015657)).
- Updated the `browsingContext.create` command to no longer emit `browsingContext.domContentLoaded` and `browsingContext.load` events for the initial `about:blank` page when creating new top-level browsing contexts, and to now emit the `browsingContext.contextCreated` event at the end of the creation process. ([Firefox bug 1930594](https://bugzil.la/1930594)).

> - Fixed a bug where functions created by the `script.addPreloadScript` command stopped working after several navigations. ([Firefox bug 2046390](https://bugzil.la/2046390)).

Reviewer 2: I would phrase it something like:
```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where functions created by the `script.addPreloadScript` command might have stopped working after several navigations. ([Firefox bug 2046390](https://bugzil.la/2046390)).
```
Because it was really intermittent.

#### Marionette

> - Restricted navigation to privileged pages (certain `about:*` pages, `chrome://`, and `resource://` URLs) when operating in content scope. ([Firefox bug 1579790](https://bugzil.la/1579790)).

Reviewer: That was filed in Marionette because it was an old bug, but the change also impacts WebDriver BiDi. We should it move it to General

Author: Good point. I moved it up.
